docs(CSS): Add more details to Using CSS custom properties page (#30451)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/css_properties_and_values_api/index.md

## Interfaces

- {{domxref('CSS/registerProperty_static', 'CSS.registerProperty')}}
  - : Defines how a browser should parse {{cssxref('--*', 'CSS custom properties')}}. Access this interface through {{domxref('CSS/registerProperty_static', 'CSS.registerProperty')}} in [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript).
- {{cssxref('@property')}}
  - : Defines how a browser should parse {{cssxref('--*', 'CSS custom properties')}}. Access this interface through {{cssxref('@property')}} [at-rule](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/At-rule) in [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS).

## Examples

> The following uses {{domxref('CSS/registerProperty_static', 'CSS.registerProperty')}} in [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) to type a {{cssxref('--*', 'CSS custom property')}}, `--my-color`, as a color, give it a default value, and not allow it to inherit its value:

Reviewer: similar suggestion to above

```suggestion
The following will register a {{cssxref('--*', 'CSS custom property')}} named `--my-prop` using {{domxref('CSS/registerProperty_static', 'CSS.registerProperty')}} in [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript).  `--my-prop` will use the CSS color syntax, it will have a default value of `#c0ffee`, and it will not inherit its value:
```
